Update disability content (#4649)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/accessibility-adjustments.md

---
title: "Adjustments to help you train to teach"
heading: "Adjustments to help you train to teach"
subcategory: Postgraduate teacher training
description: |-
  Find out about adjustments teacher training providers can make to help you train.
cta_adviser:
  adviser:

>     text: Talk to an adviser with years of teaching experience about your different training and funding options. Chat by phone, text or email, as little or as often as you need.

Reviewer: Worth making this a bit more bespoke to the content on the page?

>     text: Talk to an adviser with years of teaching experience about your different training and funding options. Chat by phone, text or email, as little or as often as you need.

Author: ```suggestion
    text: Talk to an adviser with years of teaching experience about getting adjustments to help you become a teacher. Chat by phone, text or email, as little or as often as you need.
```

calls_to_action:
  find:
    name: find
navigation: 20.25
navigation_title: Adjustments to help you train
navigation_description: Find out about adjustments teacher training providers can make to help you train.
cta_arrow_link:
  financial-support:
    link_target: "/funding-and-support/if-youre-disabled"

>     link_text: "Find out more about Disabled Students' Allowance"

Author: ```suggestion
    link_text: "Find out more about financial support if you're disabled"
```

---

> Teacher training providers can make adjustments if you need supoprt to become a teacher because you're neurodiverse, have a long-term physical or mental health condition, or have any other accessibility needs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teacher training providers can make adjustments if you need support to become a teacher because you're neurodiverse, have a long-term physical or mental health condition, or have any other accessibility needs. 
```

> Teacher training providers can make adjustments if you need support to become a teacher because you're neurodiverse, have a long-term physical or mental health condition, or have any other accessibility needs. 

Reviewer 2: This is quite a long sentence, maybe change to:

Teacher training providers can make adjustments if you need support to become a teacher. This includes support for neurodiversity, long-term physical or mental health conditions, or other accessibility needs.

> Teacher training providers can make adjustments if you need support to become a teacher because you're neurodiverse, have a long-term physical or mental health condition, or have any other accessibility needs. 

Author: ```suggestion
Teacher training providers can make adjustments if you need support to become a teacher. This includes support for neurodiversity, long-term physical or mental health conditions, or other accessibility needs.
```

> The experience and perspective of a diverse workforce is invaluable in schools. These adjustments help make sure that anyone interested in becoming a teacher feels confident and comfotable to be the best teacher they can be.

Author: ```suggestion
The experience and perspective of a diverse workforce is invaluable in schools. These adjustments help make sure that anyone interested in becoming a teacher feels confident and comfortable to be the best teacher they can be.
```

> The experience and perspective of a diverse workforce is invaluable in schools. These adjustments help make sure that anyone interested in becoming a teacher feels confident and comfortable to be the best teacher they can be.

Reviewer: Not sure it is about being the best **teacher** - this is about helping you **train** to be a teacher?

## Adjustments when you apply 

> During the application process, providers could make adjustments such as: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the application process, providers can make adjustments such as: 
```
Should this be 'can' rather than 'could' - do providers get the choice?

> * provide an accessible interview location  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* providing an accessible interview location  
```

> * use an alternative communication method 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* using an alternative communication method 
```

Reviewer: can we give any examples here?

> * give extra details about the interview format and venue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* giving extra details about the interview format and venue
```

Reviewer: can we give any examples here - this sounds a bit vague?

> You can tell providers about what you need when you apply. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can tell providers about what adjustments you need when you apply. 
```
is this helpful? ignore if not

> You can tell providers about what adjustments you need when you apply. 

Author: ```suggestion
You can tell providers about the adjustments you need when you apply. 
```

## Adjustments during your teacher training 

During your teacher training, providers could make adjustments such as: 

> * adjust your timetable to suit your needs 

Reviewer 2: Should this be adjusting?

> * adjust your timetable to suit your needs 

Author: ```suggestion
* adjusting your timetable to suit your needs 
```

> * provide copies of presentation materials before training sessions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* providing copies of presentation materials before training sessions 
```

> * print or photocopy materials on coloured paper 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* printing or photocopying materials on coloured paper 
```

> * put you in touch with support staff if you have a mental health condition 

Reviewer 2: Is this only for people with mental health conditions?

Author: I'm not sure! This is the same as what's on the Access to Work GOV.UK page. I'd assume they'd only specify if it was support specifically for mental health?

Author: ```suggestion
* putting you in touch with support staff 
```

> * make sure training and teaching areas are wheelchair accessible 

Reviewer 2: Wonder if we could switch this... 'make sure you can train and teach in wheelchair accessible areas'?

Reviewer: I'm not sure whether this suggested is better - this sounds like you could be restricted to different areas from other people?

> * make sure training and teaching areas are wheelchair accessible 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* making sure training and teaching areas are wheelchair accessible 
```

> ## Speaking to providers about adjustments 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Speaking to teacher training providers about adjustments 
```
I wonder whether we should be more explicit in the h2 - I know you say this in full earlier in the page but screen reader users could be skipping through headings and missing that?

If you think you’ll need adjustments, you can either contact your training provider directly, or you can also ask for support when you apply for teacher training. 

If you’re not sure what adjustments you may need, speaking to providers can be an opportunity to get more details on the course structure and expectations. This can help you to identify any situations where you may need adjustments. Providers may also have had experience supporting other trainees and have their own suggestions of what you may find helpful.  

> You can also explore [Disability Rights UK’s students guide for telling people you’re disabled](https://www.disabilityrightsuk.org/resources/telling-people-you%E2%80%99re-disabled-clear-and-easy-guide-students).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also explore [Disability Rights UK’s guide to telling people you’re a disabled student](https://www.disabilityrightsuk.org/resources/telling-people-you%E2%80%99re-disabled-clear-and-easy-guide-students).  
```
I've reworded this but feel free to change - however, `students` is not right as it is missing an apostrophe!

> ## Get financial support if you're disabled

Reviewer 2: Might not need changing but this page now has a different title and covers more needs?

You may also be eligible for financial support to help cover the costs of any specialist equipment or study-related costs due to a health condition or disability.

> $funding$

Author: ```suggestion
$financial-support$
```
